all right today I'm going to show you
how mushroom rice is made so all you
need 1/2 a chopped onion which is here
couple of fresh mushroom mushroom rice
vegetable rice all is similar start with
all you do is chain the mushroom or
vegetable or egg or whatever you're
making everything else that's similar so
just all you have to change is the main
ingredient if you're putting the
mushroom or where go whatever so here
again this is my pan 2 tablespoon of
vegetable oil throw your chopped
mushroom in there you go this is salt
tiny little bit of dry mint leaves not
too much
once it's slightly dry right now all you
do add mix powder one teaspoon of mixed
powder they are making a potion just
like an Indian take we're restaurant our
portion all you do is throw the pilau
rice this is by the way
I see of mushroom rice similar all the
Rice's is similar all you do is chopped
earlier and then mixed powder dry meta
leaves and salt that's all you need and
if you want egg rice all you do is have
the eggs or if you want vegetal rice all
you do a vegetable and so on as simple
as that you know me so I hope you get it
right and enjoy cooking it yourself
thank you